render rollout merge (#87)
geoelements/gns: README.md

python3 -m meshnet.train mode="train" training.resume=True
```

> Rollout prediction and render
```shell
# For particulate domain,
python3 -m gns.train mode="rollout"
# For mesh-based domain,
python3 -m meshnet.train mode="rollout"
```

> To choose not to render after rollout prediction, add option `rendering.mode=null`. 
> 
> By default the renderer writes `.gif` file. 
> 
> In particulate domain, the renderer also writes `.vtu` files to visualize in ParaView.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Rendering Options
Set rendering mode with `rendering.mode=<option>`

`null`: Disables rendering
`gif`: Creates a .gif file (default)
`vtk`: Writes .vtu files for ParaView visualization

Example: `rendering.mode=null` to disable rendering
```

# Logging configuration
logging:
  tensorboard_dir: logs/

# Rendering configuration
rendering:
  render: True
  format: gif

# gif configuration
  gif:
    step_stride: 3

>     change_yz: False

Reviewer: Missing all options
